Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I'll get it. I promise.
So this is the infamous
cobra Lane. huh?
This is where the
races took place.
Yeah. of course it took
a homicide to do that.
What'd you find?
This whole Lane's owned by
Chinese triads.
It's private property.
almost a mile of docking
warehouses. just for produce.
Clearly.
Yeah. we're
interviewing the viewers.
The company's been
stripped down.
That's why the case
will go nowhere.
It's personal.
Just following
protocol. captain.
This shen.
Yeah.
You sure?
Thank you.
You will be avenged.
I guarantee it.
Tell mom and dad hi for me.
Excuse me. my name is shen.
shen long.
I came to inquire about
the death of my brother.
It was a motorcycle
accident and homicide.
You got a case number.
location. date of incident.
name of individuals
involved in the incident?
I don't have a case number.
I'm just hoping to get some
some details of what happened.
I can't help you then.
Sergeant. please.
Sergeant!
Captain. captain!
What do you want. kid?
I need to know what happened
to my brother tien long.
Hell.
Please.
Let's make it quick.
That's all we have.
That's it?
Tell me you have something else.
Where did you say
you're from again?
Ti came from California.
Long ways.
Is that where you said
your brother was from?
Yeah.
No. no. we grew up here.
Ended up moving there
because I had a job.
What...
You said it was a
motorcycle gang?
One of them.
Which one?
Where are they?
Look. these motorcycle gangs.
they basically do what
the fuck they wanna do.
Gangs. triads. god
knows what else.
If you think it's hard
catching one gangster.
try catching one going
200 miles an hour.
This gang got a name. is
it local. what?
Why haven't you
arrested anybody?
We found his body in a strip.
It's owned by local businesses.
Until it was a homicide.
there was nothing we could do.
Yeah.
Where is this place?
You come off as the
reckless type.
looking to go in there
guns blazing.
Well. you know what?
Somebody's gotta pay
for his death.
And let me guess.
you're gonna be
the one who makes them pay.
Well. who else is gonna do it?
You found anything. huh.
made any progress. huh?
We can't discuss anything
that's an ongoing investigation.
I just need a fucking name!
Okay?
Just give me a name!
Listen!
I understand
emotions are running high...
No shit it's running high!
I understand. I get it.
Do you understand how I feel?
We'll give you a call
if we find out anything.
I know exactly what that means.
Good day. captain.
Should've known you'd
still have my keys
after all these years.
Hey. pops.
Good to see you. son.
Thanks for taking care
of the funeral.
Hey. hey. hey. don't even
think about it.
I made plenty of money off
of you back in the day.
Yeah.
Yeah. your opponents. they
could never figure you out.
Your speed. you're
different in every round.
changing up your pace.
your style.
Yeah. yeah.
Yeah. those were the days. huh?
Those were the days.
You know. I keep thinking
maybe if I spent less
time fighting.
more time with tien.
maybe he'd still be here...
Don't do that to yourself.
Your brother got
himself involved
in that underground world.
I feel guilty. too.
I didn't know about it.
If I did. maybe there was
something we could've done.
but we couldn't. and
here we are.
Yeah. here we are.
Well. let me tell you something.
if I ever find this guy...
Hey. don't start
thinking like that.
You're gonna get yourself
in a lot of trouble.
I don't wanna argue about this.
- Your brother got...
- Someone has to pay
for what they did to tien.
Your brother knew
what he was doing
when he got himself
involved in that...
You don't get it!
It wasn't an accident.
They killed my brother
in cold blood.
They killed my family.
And what do you plan on
doing about it?
As a matter of fact. a lot.
And I'll do it by myself.
if I have to.
if no one else is gonna help me.
Midnight squad.
What?
Midnight squad. it's an elite
underground racing team.
Bunch of thugs.
Famous around here for
a dangerous combination
of high speed racing
and crazy riding styles.
You're looking for a
man named cobra.
Did you see tien's body?
Yeah.
What did they do?
You don't wanna know.
If this city has to burn.
then so be it.
I haven't been practicing.
You younger generations.
you need to keep the
traditions alive.
Even though we live in America.
we must not forget our roots.
Yes.
Good.
How was California?
It was peaceful.
I had to come back. though.
I think you know why.
We know about tien.
I'm assuming that's
why you're here.
Mm.
How'd it happen?
Word on the street is that
he got involved
in underground street racing.
Deals went sour.
things went south.
Midnight squad. right?
I heard. too.
You guys know anything else?
Shen. I understand.
you are feeling
very emotional now... emotional.
People keep on saying
that word. all right?
The fact is. you're supposed
to take care of my
little brother.
The ang soon tiong
benevolent association
has no such dealings in
such matters.
We are merely here to
provide essential services
for the community.
I used to work for you.
so I know you have your fingers
in everything that's illegal.
okay?
My question is. do you
have a finger in this?
Do you?
Our condolences for your
family. for your loss.
You answer me!
You answer me.
We understand he was
the last of your family.
Come. light a candle for tien.
Family.
You people know nothing
about family.
Welcome to the land of
glamours. glories.
dangers. high speed.
of angels. and beasts.
A man walks into a club.
wants to turn the heat up.
Tell me. stranger. do you
bring me sake.
gifts. cash. or danger?
I'm just looking for
some information.
Mm. mm. mm. don't
look like no cop.
No. no. my name's shen.
shen long.
Shen long.
Chinese dragon.
But when the dragon
walks into my land.
he becomes the
creation of my hand.
And your name?
My name is goddess Lucy.
the spirit of fire. passion.
and love.
She dances with her magic steps.
she races with her
dangerous stares.
Unless you want to die
in the burning flame.
I got you.
Okay.
Look. which group is
midnight squad?
What. are you crazy?
- These guys are packing.
- No. I wanna talk to them.
You go within 10 feet of them.
your ass will get dropped.
The name of the game is race
between here and the miles'
wide space.
whatever the problems
you have boiling.
solved here or try dying.
How do we do that?
Just get on a bike.
take the throttle.
or go on a hike.
And where do I get a bike?
Find Dean.
I'm sorry?
Dean.
What you want?
Someone sent me.
It's fucking three am.
Looking for a bike.
It's the only one I've got.
That's a bike?
Yeah.
Does it move?
Look. it's specifically
prepped for modifications.
I don't do that cookie
cutter bullshit.
She'll be anything you
want her to be.
Ti need her to be fast.
Well. that depends how
good you are.
What mods?
All right. look. look. look.
I'll tell you what.
you do your own modifications.
If you buy her tonight.
I'll throw in some gear for you.
But you can't be driving out
of here looking like a squid.
Besides. if you hit the
pavement looking like that.
you're Sushi. my friend.
I'm not Japanese.
Not Japanese.
A little boy left with a
plan returns with a bike!
Becomes a man.
What do you guys
think? Proud of me?
- Yes.
- Not bad. huh?
This boy bad. huh?
Come riding up on here
on a stock bike.
We call this a tin
can over here.
This ain't nothing until
you work on it.
What?
What do I do?
Replace the
suspension components.
drop it so it gets more
traction. right?
Look. look. drop it so
it gets more traction.
extend the swing arms.
get some new wheels.
If you can't do that. you
might wanna get a new life.
- Right?
- Yes!
Okay.
After that. when can I race?
You gotta be initiated in
the club. man.
What does it take
to be initiated...
Shh.
Here. here. here. here. here.
here.
You're so nervous.
Come with me.
Smack talk and hustle.
You need the bets and
the muscles.
If you can't hold the heat.
shouldn't be on the seat.
All right.
Wanna fight. I'll fight.
bring it on.
Clear the ring. this boy
wants his colors!
All right. Asian baby boy.
See if you don't hit
like a bitch.
It's time to paint him
with my favorite colors!
Ooh. yeah!
Yeah. get him!
Go. go!
That's how we do it
in the streets!
Let's go.
Get up.
Come on. runt.
Come on.
Go. go!
Oh!
Smoked.
Yeah. what!
Ladies and gentlemen. I
think I found a new toy.
You did.
Look at me. that was a
good adjustment.
Where'd you learn how to
fight like that?
On the streets.
Well. he earned his colors.
right?
All you need is a tag now.
The dude in the game.
Ghost.
- No. no. no. no.
- Look for the classified ads.
Look for the fake.
You'll find where we will be.
Bring your bike.
bring your cash.
I love man make me cash.
Fight like cat with wild punch.
Ooh!
You done messed up now. boy.
You in.
Don't forget to get
your bike modded.
Wait. modded?
Where do I do that?
Look up Andromeda.
Tek.
It's all
good. man. it's all good.
Yeah.
All right. new guy.
Andromeda.
Tek.
Hello?
Andromeda?
I don't go by that name anymore.
What do you want?
I need a tune-up.
Where's your bike?
Outside.
Well. bring it in then.
Ti hate the sun.
A stock bike?
Yeah. how much is it gonna cost?
I need to get it
drag race ready.
Well. you're gonna need
a lot of work.
I can do whatever your
budget calls for.
Who you gonna race. anyways?
Cobra of midnight squad.
Well. you can dream on.
Yeah. you're gonna take
down cobra's bike. right on.
Just remember. cobra
doesn't race amateurs.
I'm told you can help.
Is that not true?
Oh. I know cobra"s bike. yeah.
It's just gonna take a lot
to get this into shape.
Right.
You were part of the
midnight squad. huh?
What was that like?
Yeah. I used to be one of them.
but I learned how to
keep my mouth shut
about their operations and code.
How do you think I'm
still alive today?
Is that what killed my brother?
Don't drag me into this.
I got nothing to do with it.
Then get my bike in
shape for the race.
60.
Hundred?
Thousand.
What?
Well. cobra's bike alone
is worth over 100 grand.
and if all you wanna do is race.
I can do the minimum to
keep up with his bike.
and the rest is all on you.
Why so expensive?
You gotta do the basics.
Extend the swing arms and
drop the bike.
What do those do?
Extending your swing
arms minimize
your chance of doing a wheelie.
You want all your wheels
on the ground.
The first 60 feet on takeoff
are the most crucial ones.
The goal is to get this
450-pound bike
moving forward as
quickly as possible.
You need a fuel system for
quicker throttle response.
Your suspension needs
to be lowered
for hunkered down
traction. enhancing stance.
And now. oh yeah.
we need to get you an
air shifter kit.
Cut out your left turn
signal switch
and turn it into a button
that transmits
a signal to a solenoid.
Solenoid?
Yeah. it kills engine ignition.
It fires 120 psi of
compressed air
to kick the transmission
to the next gear.
Right.
Why wouldn't I know that?
Yeah. and that's
just the basics.
So. if you ever wanted to
impress cobra. by the way.
keep in mind that he doesn't
race for less than 50 grand.
so you better have the Greens.
If you wanna race him.
Yeah. let's do it.
Half up front.
I'll have the rest by tomorrow.
That will just get your
bike stripped down.
Well then. you have my word.
You're not here by
tomorrow night.
I'm selling your bike in parts.
He was there again last night.
What was he doing there?
Word on the street is he
wants a race with cobra.
Even got himself a new bike.
He must be insane.
Still trying to find out
who killed tien. is he?
He took an initiation rite.
Beat the guy to a pulp
before the cops could come.
I remember.
Where did he train. with Manny?
Shen is not going to
stop at this.
Perhaps it's time we give
him a little warning.
Leave it to me.
How many of our guys can I take?
Just take two.
I don't want to alarm
him or the rival gangs
that something is on.
They're just waiting
for us to be distracted.
Ti know where to find him.
Go. take care of it.
Hello?
Cynthia. it's shen.
Jesus. shen. it's one am.
This about work?
Yeah. I wanna talk about
selling my house.
Just call me tomorrow-
no. no. no. no. it's urgent.
That can wait tomorrow.
Cynthia. I need cash like
right now. like fast.
You don't sell
a house overnight. shen.
You know that.
What if I'm asking for 150k?
I just need it in cash.
Shen. your
house is at least 320.
Ti know.
But whoever wants it
right now. 150k.
I just need it by noon tomorrow.
Please.
Who has that
kind of cash laying around?
Don't you?
Those are deposits
and company assets. shen.
I can't.
Well. if you buy it. then
that's a kind of profit
you're never gonna see again.
This is what you've
been waiting for. right?
I will wire the money tomorrow.
All right. I'm sending you
the wire info right now.
And shen?
Yeah?
You're not getting
into any problems. are you?
Dangerous shit?
Hey. I got you the money.
I know.
I already placed the
orders for some parts.
Gonna be working on your
exhaust first while I'm waiting.
How long is it gonna take?
My. my. you're an impatient
one. now. aren't you?
Look. half of the race
is how good the bike is.
Now. the other half is
how good the rider is.
Do you even have the
skills to beat cobra?
I ain't got no choice.
For some vendetta. right?
They killed my brother.
so. yeah. you got it right.
Yeah. I remember.
Typical.
And I'm not surprised.
It's all fun and games for you.
huh?
Tell me. are they part
of the triads?
Look. I already told you.
I like staying alive.
so you're getting
nothing out of me.
Whatever it takes.
How bad do you wanna beat him?
With everything I got.
All right. well then go out
and get yourself a inca 500.
They're less menacing machines.
Come back. and I'll
show you a thing or two.
And get one for three grand.
That'll be like your
kiddie training wheels.
Are you saying
you're helping me?
Oh. if that'll mean an extra
five grand. yeah. yeah.
You don't come cheap. do you?
Gotta pay the bills. boy!
Thank you. Andromeda.
I really need it.
It's tek.
Don't call me Andromeda.
If you say so.
Sir. I wasn't
expecting you today.
Please. step inside.
The captain has not left yet.
Mr. Chang.
How are you. Doug?
Same shit. different day.
I am here on concern
of a matter.
You must've heard
about shen long?
Seems he is making some
noise on the streets.
He actually stopped by
the precinct.
Stopped here?
Yeah. he asked about
his brother.
Well. we both know
he's deceased.
Unfortunate situation.
And what did you say to him?
I told him to get the
fuck out of here.
Ah. no wonder he's
causing problems.
making it his mission to
take on the midnight squad.
We'll see.
Doug. you know I
can't have that.
The races are very
important for business.
Technically. I can't stop him.
He hasn't broken any laws.
The races are key to
cleaning the money.
I know this. Mr. Chang.
Shen long's little vendetta
is going to draw too
much attention.
Secrecy is of the
utmost importance.
So what do you want me to do?
Well. we are going to
teach him a little lesson.
I just need for you to make
sure your men do not interfere.
My men are pretty busy.
Good.
Gym's closed right now.
You guys look familiar.
We haven't met.
But you might've seen me
with lucid Lucy and the boys.
That's right.
There were a lot of
people there.
Doesn't look like you
guys are gonna train.
No. just a chat.
How friendly it is. well.
that depends on you.
I see Chang sent his lapdog.
That is how the triads
work. right?
Now. shen. we are a
benevolent society.
You know we don't like to
be called that.
Ti should know that.
I grew up with them
before you were even born.
Go home. shen.
We don't need you
causing trouble here.
You see. I can't do that.
Hell. I have no home to go to.
Well. we don't like
causing trouble.
But you. you're a bull
in a China shop.
Then give me the man
who killed my brother.
Which I know you can.
Well. you know we had
nothing to do with that.
Like I already said. how
friendly this chat is.
it's up to you.
Let's get a little bit
friendlier then.
Go home.
You can't stop. can you?
You're just like your brother.
How could you let shen
embarrass us like this?
I was holding back.
I would have killed him
if you'd let me.
Let me take the guns and...
Guns?
Huh. what are you gonna do?
Wake up the whole city?
Shen's only advantage
is that he won't stop
until he's dead.
The captain has already
done us a huge favor
by turning his head.
You use guns. wake the city up.
not even he can help us.
Then give me more men.
The thing about shen is
we can't threaten him
with anything.
He's got no family.
he's got nothing.
He can't be reasoned with.
he can't be blackmailed.
He's got nothing.
Except for his revenge on cobra.
Strange. his bike wasn't
with him or parked anywhere.
Precisely.
It's precious to him.
Have some our boys keep an
eye out for it.
Yes. destroy it.
He will never ride again.
Bring me his fingers.
all of them.
Hey. boy. bike's ready.
You look like shit.
=I feel like a truck hit me.
Usually bikers say that
when they have their bike.
Let's see it.
Whazzup?
Woo!
Bam.
Looks the same.
Never let someone know how
powerful your bike really is.
Here's your custom
clutch mod here.
I disabled the back-torque
limiting slipper assembly.
What's that?
All right. try to launch
from a dead stop
and your bike will go
into a hammering effect.
Putting so much level pressure
will just make it go pah!
Sweet.
The more money I spend on it.
the more dangerous it is. huh?
That's what it feels like.
Yeah. well. racing
ain't for the weak.
Got the dog bones to handle
the chores in the
rear of the bike.
Yep. I lowered it.
General rule is one-tenth
per second decrease
in the quarter mile is possible
for each inch that the
bike is lowered.
Can I even ride this
thing normally anymore?
Just watch out for the road
speed bumps. all right?
And. by the way. a slammed bike
is much better than the
ones up in the air. right?
True story.
There you go.
You're gonna fly to
neverland with this sucker.
Yeah.
You ready?
Come on. hop on.
Feels good.
Seriously. what did you do?
- Hmm?
- Nothing.
- I'm good.
I got in a fight.
but it'll heal.
- It's just a bruise.
- Yeah. what is that?
- Back to this.
- Oh. wow.
Bruises don't bleed. so.
Yeah. Yeah.
I'll be okay. =-mm hmm.
That is the worst stitch I
have ever seen.
Thank you.
I hope Mr. Chang
knows you're here.
Hey. Manny.
We're here looking for shen.
He's not here.
Then I guess
you won't mind if we
take a look around now.
will you?
Mr. Chang and I have an
understanding.
We go way back.
We have a gentleman's agreement.
The dragon head gave me specific
orders to look for shen.
Now. excuse me. while I
do what I'm told.
He knows I'm good for my word.
Then tell us where he is.
Didn't Mr. Chang ever
teach you guys
how to respect your elders?
Do you know who I am?
I don't really give a
shit who you are.
You're getting old. Manny.
Oh yeah.
Stay down.
The dragon head will
hear about this.
I don't think so.
If he finds out you guys
are here messing up shit.
you're the ones who are
gonna be punished.
Fine. nothing happened.
It's like we were never here!
Go home.
You punks act like you
own the world.
you've never even seen it.
You have to start from the
smallest edge of the wound
so it can slowly close up.
Diagonal path across here.
There.
Thank you.
How did you get it from.
anyways?
A fight.
You got it at the sprints?
The sprints?
Yeah. where the drag races are.
No. no. no.
A feud with the triads.
Probably cobra.
Well. I could've told you that.
- There. tight as a virgin!
- 0oh. fuck.
You know. I used to grow
up in that world.
It's crazy. now I'm gonna
take them down.
That's impossible. and
you know that.
Well. I'm gonna try. anyways.
Hey. you didn't get the
training bike. did you?
Oh. since you're always
ready to jump
into the heat of things.
what's say you try your
baby out. huh?
Hmm?
All right. the basic theory.
clutch. throttle. shifter.
then brakes.
Gotta burnout.
Okay.
Whats' a burnout?
A burnout is when
your bike tires
dig deep into the road
for a maximum traction.
But remember the first
60 feet rule.
That's where you want to lead.
Oh. god. keep the front
brake on. and rev the engine.
Okay.
Slip the clutch.
All right. rock the bike
back and forth.
Spread it through the
tires. go on.
Keep the rpm between
4.500 and 5.500.
Good. all right.
Go ahead. try a launch. go.
The fuck?
I can't even get to second gear.
Nope. the bike picks up too fast
before your legs can
even go to the shifter.
Try air shift.
- What. what?
- Oh my god.
The left turn signal. dumb-ass.
Left turn? =yep.
Yep. that button is now your
shifter to change gears.
What about signaling?
Are you serious?
You're drag racing. not turning
left to grandma's house.
Now go ahead. go. try again.
Yep.
Woo hoo!
What'd you think?
Woo. I feel lightheaded.
Yep. that's what pulling
two gs feels like.
It's insane how fast it is.
I'm fighting to keep it
under control the whole time.
Right. number one
reason to lose.
Come on.
Never fight with the bike.
You have to control it
with grace and precision.
Doesn't take much to
get it going.
but the more you fight it.
the more the bike will win.
You have to be zen. okay?
Unlike your character.
Here.
Zen. okay.
Zen.
- Zen. okay.
- Zen. zen.
God. give it to me.
- There you go.
- Okay. just relax.
- don't fight the bike.
- Yep.
And one more thing.
you gotta lock
this thing up real good.
Hmm.
That's the thing.
I don't have a garage.
Well. you can't
leave it outside.
Someone comes in. touches it.
and it's game over for you.
And don't tell anyone
what this bike really is.
Your competitive advantage
is when your opponent
underestimates you. got it?
Can I leave it with you?
Sure. 100 bucks a day.
You don't quit. do you?
How long you been doing this?
Since I was 15.
Impressive.
Hey. you got a handle?
All drag racers have a handle.
You can't be using
your real name.
It's a highly secretive club.
I noticed.
You were ousted from it. right?
Yeah.
Well. it's harder for females
to race at the sprints.
especially when I was winning.
When they found out who I
was as a person.
I pretty much became a.
Got arrested real quickly.
Damn.
Well. when money's at stake.
people will resort to all kinds
of dirty means to
get you ousted.
That's why you need a handle.
Yeah.
It's ghost.
Shit.
What happened?
What the hell do you
think happened?
The triad paid me a
little visit.
Sorry. pops.
Yeah. you're sorry.
Didn't I tell you to stay
the hell away from them?
They came at me. what
was I supposed to do?
Yeah. yeah. yeah. what
are you supposed to do?
They're involved in
the races. Manny.
No shit they're
involved in the races.
The triad. the mafia.
the yakuza.
Anywhere there's money.
those assholes got
their hands in it...
Yeah. I don't care
about anybody.
I want cobra. that's it.
I told you. kid. keep
your fight in the ring.
You know what my ring is?
Five to 10 seconds of a
quarter mile in a drag race.
That's the only time
cobra's alone.
None of his goons.
just me and him.
That's the ring!
That's where I'll
get my revenge!
That's when I'll kill him.
You'll kill him?
Do you hear yourself?
You're talking about
taking someone's life.
Well. revenge knows no
other solutions. am I right?
Yeah. revenge and
retribution is an...
Spare me the cliche.
I already made up my mind.
and you can't stop me.
No. I can't stop you.
but I can tell you this.
You go back to the triad.
don't you ever come back here.
All the work I put
in. Getting you out of
the triad to begin
with. put you in that ring.
You became something.
Got rid of all that anger.
You go back to the triad
now. I'm sorry. kid.
don't ever come back here.
I'm not gonna go
through this again.
Pops. I'm not asking
for permission.
This garage isn't
open 24 hours. you know?
Got a race.
Still using the same fake
ads as announcements.
I can't believe they
haven't been caught yet.
Idiots.
It's my chance to prove myself.
Don't over-rev.
The bike's powerful.
Keep both wheels on the ground.
And remember. take the
fight out of you.
Don't fight the bike.
Okay. zen.
Yep. zen. =zen.
Little boy comes home
with his new toy.
Who is he racing?
Who is he going to destroy?
Two gs to go.
All right. he has
two thousand. Do it?
And you?
All right.
- Let's do it.
- You're gonna do it?
You good?
It's a race.
You better not spray me.
We ain't using nitrous
for this race.
What are the terms?
Two. and a break for you.
What. what's that?
You're about 40 pounds
lighter than apex.
He gets a break.
You're gonna start two bike
lengths back. all right?
The road is clear.
Let's roll.
Woo!
My sexy beasts. are you ready?
We might never see each
other on this side.
Let's have some wild fun
on a wild fight!
Show me your hands! Go!
Not bad for your first time.
Here's your cut.
You think cobra saw that?
Shit. it's viper.
Viper. viper!
Who's going to pee
in the diaper.
Not bad. kid.
How about taking on
a real rider?
30 gs.
Nice. nice. nice. nice.
Second ride. you already
with the midnight squad?
30 gs. can you cough it up?
80 gs. and I want cobra.
80 gs?
You want cobra?
Game on!
Let's get ready.
What the hell are you doing?
Giving him easy money.
No. you're gonna fucking lose.
Look. cobra runs a 7.9.
You're half a second behind.
So be it.
The little monkey is
taking on a snake.
Yeah.
I got him now.
He got you. too. baby.
Just be very careful.
That's going to be the easiest
80 grand he's gonna make.
If he finishes.
I like your guts. Luck might
be on your side
if you hold the bike real tight.
My toy's going to
set up the race.
Make sure you show your face.
How'd it go?
Here's one g. your
side of the deal.
How did she do?
Pure power.
All right.
Clutch is a little loose.
I'll get the
compressed air filled up.
Were you double-footing it?
Hmm?
I hit the shifters at
every 47 hundred.
and changing at each red line.
Don't look at the tach.
You should just be
able to hear it.
Use your ears for shift times.
Eyes straight.
The tires still look
pretty good.
Spend a little more time
in the burnout.
I think you can afford
to get more traction.
Listen. I want a new
set of tires.
Ti want the absolute best.
Ti have a race with cobra.
What?
Yep. he agreed to the terms.
80 gs.
Now where'd you get that
kind of money.
Can you believe
that's all I got?
Yeah. and you're gonna lose
it all. and you know it.
Listen to me. cobra"s
souped-up busa
is enough to destroy... =i know!
You don't have to tell me. okay?
I know what I'm doing.
Your funeral.
It'll be his.
Cut the engines. boys.
You don't wanna wake up
the whole neighborhood.
What is this?
Oh. it's you. apex.
See you changed the bike.
Finally.
You. you are the one
modding his bike?
Yeah.
And what's it to you?
I came here for my money.
Your boy cheated and
spit nitro to win!
It's cold. he didn't use it.
That is bullshit!
Ti cannot be beaten!
You lost. buddy!
I won fair and square.
Break it down then. prove it!
I ain't breaking down shit -
I am not dismantling
shit this late at night.
So go home. apex.
Besides. you know
that the cbr mods
won't spit against the zx-10r.
Boring.
Get the fuck in there
you motherfucker.
Kill that son-of-a-bitch.
Kill that motherfucker.
Ouch. for real.
I know where he keeps his bike.
Mechanic's garage
off 2nd street.
We'll come back tomorrow
with the boys.
You better learn to watch
your back. monkey boy.
As soon as I get out of
here. I got my eyes on you.
Hey. shen long. grab your stuff.
Someone posted your bail.
Didn't know you smoked.
You don't know a lot of
things about me.
Thanks for the bail.
It was your money. the
one g you gave me.
I'll get it back to you.
I know. I figured you
were good for your word.
Look. lucid Lucy called.
What. when?
I picked up. figured it
was a phone call
you didn't wanna miss.
Two days from now. in
between the oak street
and Marina Lane at the docks.
The locals call it cobra Lane.
That's where he lives.
That's midnight squad for
you. private property.
racing between two police
jurisdictions.
Yeah. that's how they avoid
being stopped by cops.
You gotta get ready for this.
You have to know everything
about cobra's bike.
I already do.
Damn.
Someone's obsessive.
I gotta know
everything about him.
Yeah.
Hey. you got any beer?
It's 9 am.
Yeah. it's midnight in China.
Oh my god!
I could sleep forever like this.
No. no. you gotta stay with me.
=-mm hm.
Cobra's bike. let me
see if I got this right.
it's a four-stroke
transverse engine.
13 hundred cc with liquid
cooling system.
and mikuni-denso fuel injection.
Eh. that's just the base model.
Midnight squad allow
nitrous in their races.
so add another 100 bhp to it
and in cobra"s turbo charger.
forced induction combustion.
and you can add another
600 bhp to it.
I could've just asked you.
Where's that put him?
Above your class.
Okay. it's fixable.
Any other modifications
you know about?
Only when I was a member.
He could've changed it.
upgraded it.
Please. come on. please.
wake up. wake up.
- What?
- Okay. okay.
What do we know for sure?
What do we know for sure.
please.
Stay with me.
His stock engine's
replaced with bigger blocks
and custom crankshafts.
which makes his stroke
increase horsepower.
Triple trees are
constructed of lead
to hold down the front ends.
His battery's moved to
the front faring.
Swing arms extended way.
Okay.
I don't know any of that.
You're the professional.
Just tell me what I need to do
to get on par with his bike.
Don't forget about the fuel mix.
Yep. he mixes his fuel
with the vbc 45 petrol.
That alone is over 200
bucks a gallon.
What his actual fuel is.
only he knows.
And he changes as he
experiments. so.
Obviously.
That's a lot of stuff.
Mhmm.
Yeah. well. it's gotta be
in your blood.
Master Chang wanted you
to have this.
It's the location of
the next race.
I'm sure you already know shen.
Included in there is all
the information
pertaining to evidence
if you want him arrested.
Tell master Chang I
appreciate his efforts.
Oh. by the way. your men
might be getting
a call from Andromeda. tek's
workshop. you know the place.
You know the place.
What about it?
Let's just say shen
isn't going to be racing
if he doesn't have a bike.
His bike is at tek's garage?
Not for long.
I'll handle the bike.
you take the man.
What the hell?
I closed it. Wait here.
Shut up!
Come on. come over here.
Go ahead. let's see if
you're faster than a bullet.
What do the triads want.
huh. you want money?
We already said!
Get out of this town!
I will. tomorrow.
You're not going to the races.
either!
No. no. don't do it!
Don't fucking do it!
Next time. it's gonna be
your fingers. too.
You okay?
Is it over?
Can you repair it?
I'm sorry.
It can't be over.
Ghost. ghost. what the hell?
I just heard the race was off.
Talk to me. man.
You cannot do this. especially
with the midnight squad.
How am I gonna explain
this to lucid Lucy. huh?
- It's over.
- Ghost. what?
Yeah. What the fuck?
What's going on. man?
Is this some triad shit?
They came over here and
told me that shit. dog.
like they was threatening me
in my own home or something.
I don't fucking play with that
- kind of shit.
- Sorry. I can't talk right now
so is it
true. is the race really off?
What the fuck? =no.
No. it's not.
Hold up. who am I talking to?
It's Andromeda. kannibal.
The race is happening.
You have my word.
Hold up. Andromeda Andromeda?
Look. your word is good. I'm
gonna let lucid Lucy know.
and whatever the fuck
y'all smoking on.
bring some of that shit
tomorrow night.
I will see you there. on time.
Oh. you will.
Thought you said it
couldn't be repaired.
No. it can't.
Careful. come.
This is where I keep all
my forgotten memories.
What's that?
This is 115 pounds of torque.
redlines at 12.500 rpms.
310 horsepower peak.
This is the exsr-1000.
not street legal.
I couldn't take it outside
without getting arrested.
Sounds fast.
If you don't think
it's fast enough
then I don't think
you understand
what an unprovoked 170
miles per hour wheelie
means in terms of physics.
Is that the bike you won with?
Yeah.
I mean. I preferred the es-14r
for its longer body. obviously.
But there's something
about this bike
that just speaks to me.
Ti named it havoc.
Very suiting.
You can race with her.
No.
Well. she hasn't seen any
action for a very long time.
I think she wouldn't mind to
go for a round one last time.
No. you don't get it.
It's the triads. they
will come for you.
And I'll be gone.
I hate this town. anyways.
I'd rather go somewhere
where nobody knows me.
Go ahead.
You've come back.
She's beautiful.
Yeah.
You can have my winnings.
You can have anything.
Look. even with this super bike.
and. trust me. I think she's
much better than the busa.
you're not skilled enough
to beat cobra.
You never know. there
might not be a winner.
What are you gonna do?
A quarter mile. a thousand feet.
that's when I'll get my revenge.
when he's all alone.
What. are you gonna kick
the bike down?
I'm gonna kill him the
way he killed my brother.
Tien.
What are you doing here?
Well. I can ask you the
same question.
This is an active crime scene.
You know about the races.
don't you?
Is this still about tien. again?
Look. I'm not saying your
department's incompetent.
but this revenge.
this is personal -
stop.
If we were able to catch
them in our cars.
even if we were able to
catch them in our cars.
they'd get what. 90 days.
$1.000 fine.
But then what?
We're right back to square one.
If it's so inconsequential.
let me have my revenge.
See. what I'm more
concerned about
is you breaking the law.
Captain. I'm just here to
show him he's not the best.
That's all.
He can't get away with anything.
So you mean to tell me
that this punk ass race
is what got you all excited?
Why don't you have your revenge.
But after that. I don't
wanna see you again.
Thank you. captain.
So long as no laws are
broken. do what you gotta do.
Ready for tonight?
Yeah. I guess so.
I got havoc tuned up.
ready to go.
Nitrous filled. all air
compressor levels checked.
Pretty crazy. huh?
Just a week ago. this
city was a stranger to me.
You're still a stranger
to this city.
Easy there. cowboy!
You're gonna need all
your reflexes.
- I'm good.
- Mm hmm.
I've got six hours to
get it out of my system.
I was on par with cobra.
Some say I was even
better than him.
I didn't think I was.
I definitely knew my way through
a bike better than he does.
He had the cash. I
had the hands.
So nobody's seen cobra?
No.
The level of secrecy is
part of our code.
Nobody knows anybody.
We arrived to the
sprints in full gear.
Only go by our handles.
And rule number one. never
take off your helmet.
How were you ousted?
The guy I was dating.
He knew I was
going to the sprints.
so he put two and two together.
I mean. there's not that
many female racers. so.
and me being a high
profile at the time.
I guess it was just a matter
of time before he got bitter.
After the breakup. he ousted me.
Damn. that is bitter.
Yeah.
Eh. it was time to retire.
anyways.
Retire?
You don't look a day past 30.
Thanks.
Bu you know when your reflexes
are even a millisecond off.
just all downhill from there.
Hey. thank you.
Everything you did.
Save it. kiddo.
Just take the compliment.
You know 60 grand is more
than enough to say thank you.
Always about money. huh?
Gotta pay the bills.
All right. well. I'll
see you around.
Wow. wow. wow.
This is anhdromeda's bike.
Sure is.
I never thought I'd
see you at the sprints again.
Here he comes.
Welcome. my sexy beast.
to the hottest
goddess Lucy race!
I'm so excited to watch
you crash and die.
Same rules.
Under the midnight squad.
nitrous is allowed.
Nobody wait handicaps
in the race.
If you crash. you're
on your own.
If you both crash. no one comes
to you or to your funeral!
Everybody splits as if
this race never happened.
Tell me. if every
rider understands
the rules of the sprints.
Terrific!
Let's lock the money.
Drivers. are you ready?
Go!
What the hell's going on?
Nol!
No you don't!
Wake up so I can kill you!
Get up. get up!
What do you mean nobody's there?
Where are they now?
Hey. you know the rules.
No interference.
Back off Lucy.
We just need to find cobra.
You know my rules.
You know my races.
Back up.
You sure you want to do this?
I don't give a damn
who's out there.
Let's go.
We'll find cobra later.
You know they're gonna
come back for you. right?
Shit. not on our watch.
So what's gonna happen now?
Either cobra or ghost
is gonna die tonight.
Or maybe both.
Let's see who you -
captain liddle?
You figured out who I am.
Why?
How?
You killed my brother?
Why'd you kill my brother?
All these questions. all
these fucking-
why'd you kill him?
Why'd you kill him?
You want the answer - =tell me!
- To the riddle.
- Yeah. so I can kill you.
Tell me so I can kill you!
Fuck.
What?
No. no. no!
No!
T win.
Not coming back. either.
It's over now.
No. you didn't.
Titi.
Titi. that you?
Yeah.
It is you.
Did you avenge me?
No.
That I did not.
He died. but not by my hands.
It doesn't really
matter anymore.
It matters to me.
It's time to go home. shen.
You're not real. are you?
No.
He's gone. cobra's dead.
It's done.
It is not uncommon. once
vengeance is sought.
there's nothing else
to live for.
There was nowhere for him to go.
What about the captain?
You think he'll come for us?
Who?
Asshole.